I held the clown's nose in my hand as I carefully contemplated what I wanted to wish for. I thought about gaining riches, fame, magical power, love, but ultimately, all those things were temporary. What I really wanted was immortality, freedom from the fear of ever being claimed by the void. But the mysterious shopkeeper had warned me that the clown's nose would try to twist my wish, so I knew I needed to word it very carefully.

Finally, after a few minutes, I finally spoke out loud. "Oh Spirit of the Clown's Nose, I wish to live for as long as I want to on this world in a body that will never age and remain healthy both physically and mentally." For a few moments, nothing happened and I wondered if the shopkeeper had tricked me. Then, to my shock, the clown's nose started to twist and melt in my hand. I dropped it in shock and yet, in front of my stunned eyes, the red blob began to rise into the sky. It started to rapidly grow in size until it was roughly the same size as a man. Then, without warning, it fell on me, quickly enveloping my entire body. I tried to scream, but the thick red substance simply poured its way down my throat into my lungs. I could feel myself blacking out, sliding down into some strange tunnel that seemed to go on and on ...

"Sir! Sir, are you all right?!"

I opened my eyes in shock. I was sitting  in front of a conference table with a bunch of concerned men in suits staring at me. I took a quick look around and noticed that I was wearing some kind of yellow body suit with red and white stripes. On the left side of the suit, there was a red circle with a yellow M on it. "Why...why am I here?" I finally said, surprised to see that I was still alive.

The men looked at each other confused. "You're the one who called us all here, Ronald," one man finally spoke. "You said you had finally found a worthy successor?"

Oh dear god...I slowly touched my nose and felt the clown's nose resting there. I didn't need a mirror to know the truth. I had become Ronald McDonald, the eternal clown. For a few moments, I felt utter dread at what I had become. Then, I felt myself contemplating. Was it really that bad? Sure, I wasn't human anymore, but I was now the secret leader of a multinational fast food chain and the scourge of children's nightmares. I smiled to myself. I could work with this. "That's right, gentleman. And I have great plans for the future. It's time we finally took down that Wendy girl once and for all."