It was the worst decision we had ever made as a species.

Manufacturing consent wasn't even that hard in the old world. A few news networks here, a few social media accounts over there, some tabloids to spread conspiracy theories around and you could theoretically get anyone elected to any position of power.

Theoretically, the downvote system was a good idea, returning power to the people and giving the average man a voice and all the other usual bullshit normally used at a campaign rally. It even had the most advanced security, due to the team simply hiring on any hacker that ever managed to break into it. It was similar in premise to hiring a bunch of professional hitmen as security guards.

But why hack systems, when you can hack people? And so, the powers of the old world simply continued what they were already doing. A few news networks here, a few social media accounts over there, and some tabloids to spread conspiracy theories around. The only difference was the occasional downvote dogpile organized either on social media or by those old world media networks. Money didn't lose power, it gained power. What we ended up with was a string of anonymous CEO presidents who had "somehow" covered up everything about themselves and got the least downvotes due to propaganda.

Oh sure, society looked very pretty, at least if you were into being overstimulated. Neon advertisements everywhere, people walking around with phones and robot parts, glistening towers of steel and glass everywhere you looked. But it was all a facade. People had basically no power and they didn't even know it. The downvote system had played right into the hands of those it was meant to defeat. Union power decimated, various human rights hanging even more by a thread than they were in the old world, your inbox flooded with spam because the CEOS running the place decided that spam filters and ad blockers were "Anti free speech" and had made them illegal. How did they avoid the downvotes? Blame the opposition. It doesn't matter how true the accusations are, hell, the truth matters even less now than it did in the old world. All you have to do is get just enough downvotes to keep anyone who actually wants to help people out of power. And money could afford downvotes even more than it could afford politicians in the old world. Social media accounts are free, after all, and news networks and tabloids are very cheap to the top one percent.

Freedom was a bad joke, income inequality hit record highs, collective bargaining rights had been basically eliminated, and human rights were only available to those who could afford them. And all it took were a few news networks here, a few social media accounts over there, and some tabloids to spread conspiracy theories around. The more things change, the more they stay the same.