The alien watched as the images flashed through the human’s mind. Watching as the human laid trapped in a spider’s web, unable to move. Their desperate squirms only tightening the surrounding webbing, making it so it was nearly impossible for them to breathe. Each breath only straining their lungs until they felt like their body might pop from holding in all that oxygen. They went to scream, but the noise refused to come out, leaving them trapped in their nightmarish hell.

Even as their three stomachs growled, Xai couldn’t eat. They were too enthralled by the nightmare, wondering how it would end. They watched as a sixteen-legged spider crawled out of a hole. Their body being four times the size of the human with two piercing fangs protruding from their mouth. Each fang dripping a greenish venom that was dripping onto the ground below, burning holes in it.

As the spider revealed itself, the human only grew more panicked, making small mumbles in their sleep as they tossed and turned until finally Xai relieved them of the nightmare, sucking the dream up. The purple energy leaving the human’s ears, slowly drifting into Xai’s skin as the alien dined on their dream. As soon as the dream left their mind, the human stopped stirring, loosening their grip on their blankets as they returned to their peaceful slumber.

Even after being fed, Xai couldn’t leave the human’s side, still trying to work out what they had just seen. Dreams were just a mind’s way of breaking down the information it had processed, right? Then was this something the human had experienced before? In all their studies about Earth, they had never come across a spider big enough to trap a human in such a way. Did they still not understand the planet?

Xai took another look into the human’s mind, finding this dream far more realistic. The dream consisting of the human sitting beside a family member, discussing something that appeared rather mundane. This made sense. This dream was the perfect example of a brain making sense of things that had happened over the day. So, if this dream made sense, where did the spider come from? The concept of a nightmare not crossing the alien’s mind. A nightmare made little sense. In a galaxy of dreamers, they had never encountered something so strange. The idea that the mind would sabotage itself, leaving Xai rather confused. All it did was make the alien pity the human. Their eight fingered hand brushing the cheek of the human, trying to offer them some comfort.

The human only turned away, rolling over in their sleep to escape the icy touch. When the human moved away, the alien gave them space, leaving them to their sleep. Xai still didn’t know what to make of the nightmare they had seen, but they were determined to discuss it with their kind. Xai hovered above the bed before vanishing in a blink of light, returning to their ship.