The Man You Didn’t Marry
by Sam Payne

The police meet you after your night shift at Sunshine Care to tell you 
they’re concerned for your safety. They found the man you didn’t 
marry outside your house at four am. In his car, black bags, rope and a 
crowbar. They tell you they’re sorry but they can’t hold him.

The locksmith talks about Brexit as he rips out the deadbolt and 
replaces it with a shiny new one. When he leaves, you barge your 
shoulder into the door just to make sure it doesn’t give. But in the 
night you wake to the smell of Joop and the man you didn’t marry is 
pushing his knuckles into your clavicle and telling you he loves you. 
His saliva gathers in the corners of his mouth and the white froth 
reminds you of tide bubbles and you focus on this as he throttles you. 
You lose consciousness and your body becomes a stingray slipping into 
saltwater.

You survive because you’re lucky or at least that’s what people say. 
You move cities, rent a different house every six months and clean 
everything continuously. You’re happy that you have things in order. 
Until the therapist tells you perfectionism is a sign of unhealed 
trauma. When you get home, you throw Bolognese sauce at the walls, 
empty the cutlery drawer onto the lino and chuck your clothes out of 
the window until you’re satisfied this chaos is proof that you’re fine. 
But every time you sleep you’re sinking into a cold, dark ocean. 
Submerging deeper and deeper, the saltwater strips your flesh until 
there’s nothing left and when your skeleton rests on rippled sand, the 
man you didn’t marry scoops you up. He polishes your bones until you 
shine like teeth and he keeps telling you he’ll never ever let you go.