Mum is late as usual, so Susan and I sit in the car listening to the radio. I tap my toe against the plastic floor mat and stare out the window.

“Do you want to talk?” she asks.

“Ugh. No,” I say, suddenly worried she’s going to try to have some kind of awkward-arse heart-to-heart with me, like this is a Hollywood movie.

In the Hollywood version of my life, Mum would probably never show up at all, and I would cry at first, but then Susan would hug me and I would magically forget all about Mum and live happily ever after in an immaculately clean house where dinner is on the table at six on the dot every night.

In this version, I bite my fingernail and glance sideways at Susan.

“She’s not a total loser you know,” I say. “It’s just that she can’t leave work until her replacement comes in, and sometimes her car doesn’t start the first time. It’s not…you know.” I wave my arm at the plush seats of Susan’s SUV.

“I don’t think she’s a loser,” she says. “I’m sure she’s trying her best.” Susan is especially calm on visitation days. Like she’s trying to make up for how Mum will be when it’s over, always crying and pulling me back for one last hug. It’s not that Susan doesn’t care, but she’s not really my Mum, is she? When she drops me off, she just smiles encouragingly and waves goodbye. Although, she always stays to watch until I’m gone.

I keep staring out the window. Breathing the soft lavender of Susan’s perfume. I need to see Mum before she sees me. The thing is, It’s been a while since our last visit, and I keep trying to picture her face, but it never looks quite right. Like her eyes will be blue instead of hazel, or her crooked smile will be replaced with straight white teeth like Susan’s. And every time, I know something’s wrong, but it’s like I can’t put all the right pieces of her face together at one time.

Then I see her. She’s walking towards us, wearing a pink coat.  I scan up and down. She’s pulled her dark hair back in a tidy ponytail and her trousers look clean and pressed. I exhale, and I can feel my shoulders relaxing. I turn to Susan.

“Thanks for waiting. I’ll see you this afternoon.”

I go to open the door, but she reaches over and squeezes my hand in her soft pink palm. Waits for me to look up.

“I’ll have my phone on,” she says.

“I know,” I tell her. “Thanks.”

Then I’m walking toward Mum. She looks nervous, but she’s smiling, and when I hug her she smells familiar, like oranges and vanilla. I look over her shoulder and see Susan smiling and waving through the car window. As Mum and I walk away, I turn and glance back. Susan is still there.