"Ah, my dear. Welcome ba-," The lady in a billowing dress paused suddenly. "Wait. You aren't Isabella."

I glanced at the locket I swiped from my adoptive niece (not official) before looking back at the floating woman with the glowing skin. So, she was telling the truth, huh?

"Yeah, sorry.", I replied. "Bella is a bit busy right now explaining things to her mother. I swiped this from her while she was distracted." I hold out the golden, cresent moon locket in question to this lady.

"This important?" I asked.

"That is not yours to use," the woman spoke sternly. She looked young, but that glare she was giving me gave me the impression she was older than she let on.

"Hm? Why not? Worked just fine a moment ago. By the way, nice place. The room really gives off that magical girl vibe," I gesture around to the pink room full of cutesy decorations and soft fabrics.

"You aren't worthy to be one of my princess warriors. Return it to Isabella immediately."

"Or what?" I hung the locket in front of me from my hand. Silence follows and I could see the gears in her head ticking. Not used to someone saying no, eh?

"That's what I thought. So, let me cut to the chase. I have questions and something you want. You have answers. Let's negotiate, shall we? Know how that works?"

If looks could kill, this lady would have murdered me dead. "I have nothing to say to you."

I shrug. "That so? Well then, answer me this then. Do you know in what condition Bella is in right now after doing one of YOUR errands?"

The lady shifted inquisitively, but stayed quiet.

"Multiple lacerations. Black eye. Fractured bones. And, let's not forget, the multiple people who are now in the hospital because of that thing she fought." Anger was slipping into my voice. The lady didn't react. Good. She isn't watching my other hand. The one NOT holding the locket.

"So, I want you to tell me, in explicit detail, of why the hell a 14 year old girl is doing your dirty work? Cause either you tell me, or I will-."

"You will do nothing," her voice boomed off the walls. Shaking the place from the force.

"I'm the one with power here!" She continued. "You will do NOTH-."

BANG! BANG!

"Ahh!" The lady screamed in pain as two spots of blood began to appear on her elegant outfit. She crumpled onto the floor into a heap as I walked over to her and put my foot on where the wound was. Getting another screech of pain from her.

"I don't think YOU understand the situation here, Missy." I put my still smoking gun to her head, burning her forehead with the hot metal. Her eyes, once wrathful, were now fearful.

"I'm the one who's in control. Not you."