Days before adopting Sam were usually quite the same. Staying in bed for entire time, watching Netflix, sometimes going out for groceries. I worked for IT company so everything could be done from my comfortable bed, no need to get to office. I was really lonely and overwhelmed when it came to human interactions. One of my online friends suggested I should adopt a dog. They are believed to keep a company to humans and I hoped it will make my overall state a bit better. I didn't expect it was going to turn out even worse.

After looking at some ads about dogs available for adoption, I noticed one golden retriever named Sam. His owners described him as playful and full of energy. I thought to myself - "That's what I need". After a quick conversation, I was picking up Sam from across the town. The one thing that caught my attention, was how delighted were Sam owners when they handed me the leash. I didn't think about it until we get home. At first I thought Sam was just stressed and it was the reason behind his lack of intention to get out of the car. I quickly discover that in fact he is lacking intention to do anything. He didn't like going on walks, playing and in a matter of fact even eating. We made few checkups in nearby vets, but Sam seemed healthy...

I looked online for any clue about his state, but there was little to nothing. That's when I discovered dog psychologist. I took Sam for a consultation, after half an hour we walked with a diagnosis - dog depression. Sam got prescribed some pills and I was instructed to keep him company through all of this. I was worried, but Sam was my only real life friend, so I was not letting him go without a fight. He started attending therapy twice a week, he was taking pills, we even managed to go out for walks sometimes. I wasn't easy, I wasn't taking much care of myself, the only thing that counted was Sam.

I became really attached to him, he was like my family, that's why writing this feels so unrealistic. After seven months of taking care of him, I noticed something growing inside his stomach. He had tumor. Our schedule got even more busy, except of usual routine we started going to the regular vet at least three times a week. I was able to see life slowly leaving his body, day by day.

On 30th of October he passed, I lost the only living creature I ever truly cared about, I am alone once more and without any hopes. I truly loved him, but taking care of him made me exhausted. For the past seven months I was his service human. I lost contact even with my online friends because of lack of time. I don't see any reason to live anymore. How come the world be so cruel place that even a dog can get depressed and die. The only thing that brings me some peace, its the idea of Sam dying by my side - his true friend.