Her quitting her job after the marriage licence was signed didn’t seem like a big deal. Even when she started a totally new line of work. Everybody needs change once and a while, right? And the fact that her new nickname was Saf when her name was Avery could just be preference. Right? I dug out her childhood memorabilia one day after she left for work. Digging through the seemingly insignificant old photographs, I came across an art project clearly made by very young girls. In mismatched script it read ‘Safina and Avery: also known as the Besmin Twins’ I squinted, as if the sparkles would reveal to me what was going on. But I stowed everything away and pretended everything was normal when my ‘wife’ returned home. As she took out the pasta to make dinner, I decided on a test. “Safina? I said, in as normal of a voice as I could muster. “Yes, babe” her response was unassuming and immediate. Fuck. But I didn’t know what she would do if she knew I had found out. “Do we have milk?” It was the only way I could think to answer the question. She may have responded, but I was too busy trying to figure out my plan to notice. That night, we were in bed. I waited until the dead of night before I got up. “August, babe, what do you need?” she asked in a sleepy voice. I wasn’t one for getting up at night. “Just a drink” I tried to use a sleepy tone. I slipped on my slippers by the door, and grabbed my phone from where I had left it on the couch. I quietly transcribed the numbers on my phone as quickly as I could. I knew if I took it, she would come for me somehow. Mom- 0000-00-0 : 2 Winston Drive, Elmhurst MO I heard someone moving around in the bedroom. I had taken too long. I quickly did the only thing I could think of, opening my computer and typing the login, and stashing the papers under it as quickly as I could. The light flicked on. Fuck. “What’s going on August” my ‘wife’ asked sleepily. “I-I just remembered I have to do something for work. It’s due in the morning, and it’s bound to take me a few hours at least.” I was surprised at my ability to come up with something that sounded at least semi realistic. “Oh, okay. I’m going back to bed. Let me know if you need anything.” Perfect. She didn’t suspect a thing. I waited, typing nonsense on my computer to keep up the story, until I figured she must be back asleep. I quietly flicked off the light and continued. I worked fast enough without interruption. Elliot McMaster: 11-111-1. Done. As quietly as I could, I grabbed the keys to my car, grabbed the sheet of paper and my wallet, and sneaked out the door. I kept my lights off as I turned on the car. At the last second, I took out my wallet and removed the GPS tag, placing it on the driveway. As I backed away from the house, I heard it crunch under my tire, the life I had built along with it.